This is a song entitled, I Got Mine, sang by J.D.
Dillingham of Austin, Texas.
I went down to attend at an eight-clock game, and it was against my will.
Coons in all my money, except one greenback dollar bill.
there was a hundred dollars bet and the niggers point was nine just then a cop stepped through the door but i got mine i got mine boys i got mine i grabbed that hundred dollar bill and through the window i declined ever since then i've been wearing good clothes living on chickens and wine i'm a leader of society since i got mine
I went down in the turkey feast, them eat bulls were fine.
Half an hour before the table was set, them coons all formed the line.
When they brought that buzzard in, their eyes began to shine.
And they could not wait, but started to grab, but I got mine.
I got mine, boys.
I got mine.
Getting into that piece of fowl, I had a horrible time.
One coon grabbed that eagle with a neck, but I snatched on behind.
And the fellow went, so I had the whole thing, but I got mine.
I went down to call on my girl one night and the hour was just about nine.
I was dressed up like a millionaire and I'm feeling mighty fine.
Found her sitting on another nigger's lap, and you know that ain't a very good sign.
When I told her what I thought of him, I got mine.
I got mine, boys, I got mine.
That coony pulled razor and he used it mighty fine.
I started through the window, but I never got out in time.
Now I eat my meals from the metal chefs, and I got mine.